Princess Yao has not yet visited Princess Jubilee.
I met the princess's mother.
People who have trampled on your life in the past
Now your son has stepped on your feet.
Your Majesty is suddenly unwell.
Want to denounce first?
Then you go back first.
And you, my dear flower.
There's nothing that doesn't appear in front of me.
Yes.
No wonder the queen did not agree to let Yao Fei be queen.
How to manage the harem with such a weak body
The avengers
Ten years is not too late.
Ms. Ngoc
What's going on?
So Yao Fei is right.
This is really our master's little trick.
On the other wall is the no that the owner asked me to write in honey earlier.
Ants are attracted
Go around honey.
So why did the Queen's portrait fly in front of its owner?
Use the wires to control that picture.
Who do I want it to fly in front of?
Who's he flying in front of?
The owner is not shy.
But...
This is a great opportunity to be queen.
Master, why did you give up?
If you were this queen...
It's a thorn in the eye.
It's my purpose.
Not to be queen.